---
layout: post
section-type: post
title: Privacy Policy
category: tech
tags: [ 'news' ]
---

Thank you for using Tanagement! We wrote this policy to help you understand what information we collect.

What information do we collect?

We collect information in a few different ways:

When you give it to us or give us permission to obtain it

When you sign up for or use our products, you voluntarily give us certain information. This can include your name, profile photo or the email address you used to sign up, and any other information you provide us. And if you choose to feedback something on Tanagement, you provide us with contact information (ex., email address), and what you want us to know.

We also get technical information when you use our products

These days, whenever you use a website, mobile application, or other internet service, there’s certain information that almost always gets created and recorded automatically. The same is true when you use our products. Here are some of the types of information we collect:

Log data. When you use Tanagement, our servers automatically record information (“log data”), including information that your browser sends whenever you visit a website or your mobile app sends when you’re using it. This log data may include your Internet Protocol address, the address of the web pages you visited that had Tanagement features, browser type and settings, the date and time of your request, how you used Tanagement, and cookie data.

Cookie data. Depending on how you’re accessing our products, we may use “cookies” (a small text file sent by your computer each time you visit our website, unique to your Tanagement account or your browser) or similar technologies to record log data. When we use cookies, we may use “session” cookies (that last until you close your browser) or “persistent” cookies (that last until you or your browser delete them). For example, we may use cookies to store your language preferences or other Tanagement settings so you don‘t have to set them up every time you visit Tanagement. Some of the cookies we use are associated with your Tanagement account (including personal information about you, such as the email address you gave us), and other cookies are not.
Device information. In addition to log data, we may also collect information about the device you’re using Tanagement on, including what type of device it is, what operating system you’re using, device settings, unique device identifiers, and crash data. Whether we collect some or all of this information often depends on what type of device you’re using and its settings. For example, different types of information are available depending on whether you’re using a Mac or a PC, or an iPhone or an Android phone. To learn more about what information your device makes available to us, please also check the policies of your device manufacturer or software provider.

Our partners and advertisers may share information with us

We may get information about you and your activity off Tanagement from advertisers, partners and other third parties we work with. For example:

Some websites or apps use Tanagement features like our “Save” button. If so, we may collect log information (described above) from those sites or apps.
Online advertisers typically share information with the websites or apps where they run ads to measure and/or improve those ads. We also receive this information, which may include information like whether clicks on ads led to purchases or a list of criteria to use in targeting ads.
To learn more about the types of information advertisers may share with us, please see our Help Center.

How do we use the information we collect?

We use the information we collect to provide our products to you and make them better, develop new products, and protect Tanagement and our users. For example, we may log how often people use two different versions of a product, which can help us understand which version is better.

Send you updates (such as when certain activity, like notification, happens on Tanagement) and other information that may be of interest to you.

Respond to your questions or comments.
The information we collect may be “personally identifiable” (meaning it can be used to specifically identify you as a unique person) or “non-personally identifiable” (meaning it can’t be used to specifically identify you). We use both types of information, and combinations of both types, as described above.

What choices do you have about your information?

Our goal is to give you simple and meaningful choices over your information. If you have a Tanagement account, many of the choices you have on Tanagement are built directly into the product or your account settings. For example, you can:

Access and change information in your profile page at any time.

You may have choices available to you through the device or software you use to access Tanagement. For example:

Your mobile device may provide you with choices around how and whether data is shared with us.
To learn more about these choices, please see the information provided by the device or software provider.

How and when do we share information?

Anyone can see the profile information you give us. We may also make this public information available through what are called “APIs” (basically a technical way to share information quickly). The other limited instances where we may share your personal information include:

When we have your consent. 

We may share data with a security consultant to help us get better at identifying spam. In addition, some of the information we request may be collected by third party providers on our behalf.
If we believe that disclosure is reasonably necessary to comply with a law, regulation or legal request; to protect the safety, rights, or property of the public, any person, or Tanagement; or to detect, prevent, or otherwise address fraud, security or technical issues.
We may engage in a merger, acquisition, bankruptcy, dissolution, reorganization, or similar transaction or proceeding that involves the transfer of the information described in this Policy.
We may also share aggregated or non-personally identifiable information with our partners, advertisers or others. For example, we may tell an advertiser on Tanagement how many people saved something they shared, or the percentage of people who click on a Pin after viewing it.

How do we make changes to this policy?

We may change this policy from time to time, and if we do we’ll post any changes on this page. If you continue to use Tanagement after those changes are in effect, you agree to the revised policy. If the changes are significant, we may provide more prominent notice or get your consent as required by law.

Effective: September 01, 2016